feat: improve registration patterns docs (#5808)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/user_guide/flyte_fundamentals/registering_workflows.md

This is useful in cases where you want to register two different Flyte projects
that you maintain in a single place.

> If you encounter a ``ModuleNotFoundError`` when packaging, ensure to include the correct source paths by using the `--source` option. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a ``ModuleNotFoundError`` when packaging, use the `--source` option to include the correct source paths. For instance:
```

```{prompt} bash $
pyflyte --pkgs <dir1> package --source ./src -f
```

> This addition helps in avoiding the module detection issue and ensures smooth registration and execution of tasks.

Reviewer: I think this line can be removed, since it doesn't add any new information.
